{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;\red135\green135\blue135;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c60000\c60000\c60000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Meru - August 22\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 VIEW RECORDING - 64 mins (No highlights)}}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=8.16"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:08}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Hi, can you hear me?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=9.56"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:09}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
I can hear you. I can't see you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=12.46"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:12}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, sorry about that. I just decided to join on my phone, walked away from my desk, and I realized I never used Zoom, so hold on one second.\
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=20.72"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:20}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, no worries. There we go. I think I see something popping up. Great. Awesome, Mer. Well, it's great to meet you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=26.92"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:26}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
How are doing today? Good, good. Thank you. Pretty good. I'm glad it's Friday. It's been a week.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=33.38"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:33}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
It's been a week for you?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=36.1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:36}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Isn't it always?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=37.52"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:37}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Isn't it always? Sorry. I feel that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=40.26"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:40}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
I feel that. Awesome.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=41.32"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:41}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Well, let's get started. It's great to meet you. Of course, my name is Tyler.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=44.7"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:44}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
I'll be your advisor here at BNB Academy today.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=47.9"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:47}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
It's going to be a really easy call. I'll ask you some questions about where you're at, where you want to be, what you want to do, all sorts of stuff.\
But I want to make sure it's incredibly valuable and we can build you out a whole roadmap. map. Quick\
For wherever you want to go. Does that sound fair?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=62.472"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:02}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, sounds great.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=63.412"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:03}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Thank you. Awesome. First of all, do you still have the full 45 minutes to an hour set aside before we dive in?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=69.552"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:09}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, I do.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=70.832"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:10}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Great. Awesome. All right. So I'm always curious. The very first thing I like to ask is, why did you book a call?\
Not what did you see? Not, you know, what is the ad? What was the real reason you booked a call with us?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=86.872"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:26}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So, you know, I, um, let me see where, how, where do I even begin? So I started a AI company a couple of years ago and we're an early stage startup.\
Um, so as you can imagine, you know, bootstrapped, I've invested a ton of my money into it. Um, haven't, we haven't taken any income, right?\
Me and my co-founders for two years now. So it sucks. Cause I'm like, wow, I was just blown through like 250 K of my savings.\
Um, of just, you know, living expenses in the last two years. Plus, you know, don't even want to mention how much I've been.\
And so I guess I thought we were gonna start taking an income or start taking a salary like last year.\
So we were a little bit behind schedule on as far as like our revenue and stuff, but we're doing great.\
I mean, now we're on like a roll. It's fantastic, but so I think that for me, I was like, okay, I can go a year and go a couple of years.\
I have taken a sabbatical before to where I went through a lot of my savings in 2019. So I guess like.\
I just, you I don't know. guess I just thought I'd have some income coming in at this point and I didn't.\
So now I'm like, oh gosh, why didn't I think about this before? I should probably see if I can get something going on the side that gives me some, you know, supplemental income while this is all taking off.\
Because even if we take a salary, say starting early next year, it's going to be much less than what we all used to make as executives and, you know, software companies before.\
So it's still, I'm going to be working on a smaller budget. So if I can find a way to supplement the income that would be amazing and in general like I so when I lived in LA I had a condo and I would rent my place out for Airbnb sometimes because I traveled like 50% of the time and I'd sometimes be gone for a month or two at a time and so I don't know what it is I just have always loved that whole like BNB Airbnb world I think I've met so many wonderful people that way because I also rent Airbnbs when I would travel around the world.\
A little bit less nowadays but you know in my 20s and 30s all the time and and so I think that it's just it's something that I feel like I could handle I think it interests me also real estate and just the whole rental industry and yeah just finding a way to you know make supplemental income.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=229.856"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @3:49}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Okay, I heard a lot in there and we're gonna dive into that all deep and we're gonna figure out all the things so we can really I'm gonna ask you probably some uncomfortable questions.\
Okay. The reason I'm going to do that is if I know I'm going to help you out, I want to be a hundred percent positive.\
And if not, I'll point you somewhere else. So supplemental income, that kind of a, what I'm hearing is a roadmap to supplemental income.\
What else would make this call a huge win for you? Like what is the, the cherry on top?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=261.148"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @4:21}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Well, I guess in the, past, I always thought that I would have to put down all the money needed to buy an Airbnb rental.\
And so then I thought, well, I do, I I own a property now, you know, and that's where I've spent like 20% down for a deposit.\
And it was a lot of money. And I'm like, I can't fork up that cash right now to do an Airbnb rental and put down 20% of the asking price.\
So I just thought it was completely out of my reach. Like I was like, oh, that's just not a possibility.\
I had no idea that you could get creative with the financing for stuff like that. And I heard bits and pieces here and there about how you can get creative with the financing.\
So I'm like, oh, well, I didn't even think to look into this more. So I'd love to know if, you know, I'm expected to put down the 20% of a property or if there are creative ways to finance that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=308.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @5:08}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. What else? So creative financing, roadmap, what else would make this a huge win? I want to make sure that this is the most valuable hour that you've ever had.\
What else would make it a win?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=319.28"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @5:19}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
I mean, I think the win is, you know, of course, there's no guarantee with anything, but it seems like there's a little bit more predictability in this, right?\
And I have friends who own like 10 Airbnb rentals, and literally, he's quit his job and does this full-time, you know, and he went to Stanford Business School and all of that.\
And he's like, he started a couple of companies and they weren't even as successful as him, you know, getting the Airbnb rentals going.\
So now he supports a family of four in San Francisco on his, whatever they're making off of this. It's amazing.\
So I think they just, he just did it on his own. I didn't ask him all the details, but so, yeah, I think that I would, love for this to be like.\
So big that, wow, I wouldn't even care what income we were making from the AI startup, maybe that would be the supplemental income.\
Yeah, maybe the other thing can be your supplemental, this can be your main, who knows, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=374.872"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @6:14}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, yeah. Honestly, that's what a lot of our students do. We're usually like, our guys are making three to five million with us in the first three years.\
Somebody just made 250K in their first year, and that's after any tax, that's after expenses. Like that's profit in 250K.\
Yeah, so it can replace, you know, an actual salary, right? Yeah, okay. So what's that tangible outcome for you?\
Let's say in the next three, six, 12 months that you would like to hit, that would be that supplemental, let's say, to start with.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=413.632"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @6:53}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So, you think it'll probably take about 90 days to see some profit, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=418.212"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @6:58}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Most of our clients get their first person. Tyler under contract and live within 90 days, yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=424.184"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @7:04}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Mm-hmm, okay. So I think that, I mean, I think even seeing like $5,000 a month would be like, wow, this is great, like this is a great supplemental income.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=435.564"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @7:15}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
And this is like pure profit, obviously, after all the expenses, yeah. Tyler Yeah, cash flow. So after, so what would be the replacement income?\
Like, let's say this shoots off, shoots to the moon, what's that replacement income?.D.: I mean, that I am probably closer to like $20,000, right?\
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=458.484"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @7:38}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Minimum, like I think that would be like a, okay, that, yeah, then I don't have to worry about, you know, getting too much going here, but I feel obviously like can't just leave the startup either, but..D.: No.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=469.084"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @7:49}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
And you wouldn't have to, in my opinion, the way that things go, the best way to do this is to make the income that you want to make so that you can.\
M So more time to focus on the things that you love and the things that are gonna be massive, you know, like a startup or even just traveling.\
That's what a lot of our clients like to focus on. Okay. So have you done anything with the, you mentioned you've been to Airbnbs, you've rented them out.\
Have you tried it yourself yet?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=501.276"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @8:21}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
You mean rent, you said staying in them or you're renting them out?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=504.516"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @8:24}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So you've tried rent, you've tried staying in them. Have you tried renting them out? Have you looked into how to do it?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=510.996"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @8:30}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. So when I lived in LA, actually, I rented my place out on Airbnb for about a year or so.\
And this was a long time ago. was in 2014. So it was my condo and my condo had a pretty strict Airbnb.\
No, we don't know Airbnb policy. So I had to be a little bit on the DL on it. And that was not great.\
Right. Because after a while, they were like, hold on a second. I think they're random people. So but but you know, the experience was great.\
Like I look Then then I met some wonderful people, I had like one bad experience, but besides that, they're all great, you know?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=548.288"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @9:08}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, yeah, what are you gonna do when you're dealing with the public? Okay, got it. So how many hours a week are you spending on the startup, or are you taking that sabbatical again?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=560.108"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @9:20}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So, well, this is full-time right now, so I am, you know, but it's okay, it's manageable. I mean, I've worked more in corporate jobs before, you know, where I was working like 60 hours a week, but now it's very manageable.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=573.188"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @9:33}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
I'm probably not putting in more than 40 hours a week. Okay, great. So no more than 40 hours a week, and you're wanting that supplemental income.\
What does that supplemental income, just so I'm clear, what does that do for you? Like, what's the goal behind that supplemental?\
Is it just while we're still startup phase?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=593.608"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @9:53}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Well, I mean, I think it's because I don't when we'll be taking a salary from all of this. that's right.\
It might be like a year from now and I've just been blowing through my savings right so I was spending about 10k a month out of my savings for the first year and a half and I've slowed it down a bit trying to do like maybe 8k a month but if even making like five will help me not decimate my savings account.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=622.2"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @10:22}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Sure. Gotcha. So five is the goal. Eight is more replacement. It's like hey we're we're breaking even at least.\
Then 20 is okay maybe this is more full time thing. Gotcha. So I see where you're at. So to be able to build this roadmap, I want to build you a million dollar roadmap, right.\
Most of our clients to be able to do that we've got to dive into the current situation for that.\
Okay, so I want to ask a little bit about like what are what do you have in savings that you're looking to invest to make sure you're getting to this goal because of course any any income any investment is going to take an investment.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=659.2"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @10:59}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
you. Thank Yeah, I mean, I guess it just depends, right? Like, I don't know what the range would even be.\
And I know it depends on obviously the Airbnb you purchase, they are all, you know, over the place. So, and then, yeah, it's just like risk tolerance, right, on all of this.\
So I think that if I knew that this was like a guaranteed thing, like, hey, I didn't, I'm not going to lose my money on this.\
And because in the past, I've spent like, oh, a 10k on a course here or there. And it's like, it was a complete waste of time, And, and so I think that if I knew that this was a positive investment, I'm not going to like lose my money, then I could probably have a higher risk tolerance for this.\
But if, if it's like a, hey, there's still a chance that I may lose my money on this, then it would be a much lower amount then.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=709.372"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:49}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Gotcha.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=710.492"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:50}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Gotcha.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=710.792"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:50}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So ballpark, if you're pretty dang sure, let's give it a 90%, pretty dang sure this is going to be the thing to supplement, get you up to that 8k or so.\
Thank What's the goal right now? Or the tolerance, I guess.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=725.824"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @12:05}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, I mean, I guess, you know, I probably could, I mean, I guess it just really depends on like, oh, this is hard to figure out, but maybe like, could go up to 50k.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=739.204"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @12:19}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. I think that's realistic. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's very realistic. Now that may not buy a property. Right.\
Right. A little, sometimes a little bit challenging to find a property with an investment down payment of just the 50k.\
Right. But there are definitely things that we can do, like rental arbitrage. There's some things we can do we'll get into, but that helps with that.\
What's your timeframe? Like how much do you have in savings to be able to float for a little while?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=768.764"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @12:48}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So that, once again, just depends because I could, like, there's liquid and then there's stuff in like, like tied up in stocks or tied up in, you know, REIT, whatever, like the other things that I could pull out if needed.\
I just wouldn't, know. Tyler So I'm curious, excuse me, I'm curious about investments, and I'm curious about savings. Savings are a little bit more liquid, of course, and then investments are more like REITs or more like stocks and bonds, what is roughly in each?\
Tyler it, got it. Okay, so savings wise, I think I only have like maybe 50k left in savings. And then with investments, I mean, that is going to be a much bigger number, obviously, because I own property and like, I have, you know, stocks and all of that.\
But that is, yeah, I would like prefer obviously not to touch that, but I'm probably going to have to what's if we're going to invest 50k into something.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=832.676"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @13:52}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, correct. Okay. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Tyler when you, when you look at it, it looks like you've got a 50k doing eight.\
Tyler- What is that six, six months of float at about eight K, how does that feel when, you know, it's like, I'm sure as heck better have some kind of income.\
Otherwise I'm having to liquidate investments.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=853.028"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:13}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
How does that feel Gary?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=856.288"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:16}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Scary?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=857.708"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:17}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. I mean, I feel like if, like I said, if I know this is going to do well, then it's not as scary.\
But if I was like, I have no idea. What if I lose all of it at the end, then it's.\
Yeah. You know, it's a little bit scary.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=872.288"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:32}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. That's a, that's a, an outcome we want to avoid.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=876.048"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:36}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=876.908"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:36}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
How long have you been looking into doing something to supplement that income?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=883.428"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:43}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Well, I, I started looking into it last year, didn't look at the real estate side of it, but I was looking at like, Oh, should I set up like an e-commerce store or something and sunk like 10 K into these courses and you know, all the tools I needed and nonsense to basically realize I was like, wait, late in the game.\
And then I started a digital marketing agency a couple years ago as well, just to see if I could get a few clients and do some of that, and that was fine, just started getting traction, but then I ended up reconnecting with this now co-founder that I used to work with when I was at, he was at Sapient and I was at SAP, and so he told me he started this company, he was looking for co-founders.\
And then, you know, kind of ditched my digital marketing agency. So it's just been like kind of on and off for like two years.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=939.58"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @15:39}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, interesting. So I guess what, so the e-commerce, you felt late to the game. What about the digital marketing agency didn't work?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=948.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @15:48}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
It's not that it didn't work. I think that it did start to work.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=952.12"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @15:52}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
didn't work as well maybe as you wanted?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=954.48"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @15:54}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
No, I think what happened happened is this was a much better offer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=958.88"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @15:58}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Like when he kind of\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=960.512"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @16:00}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
When we reconnected after a few years, I was super excited about AI anyway, I'd been looking into this for three years, and so, and then when he told me what he was thinking about, when we looked at our strengths and our backgrounds together, because we both worked in e-commerce, we had a lot of retail client, retail relationships, and so it just made sense, it was like, we're bringing two forces together, we can go now, you know, reach out to our old connections in retail, we can just launch this, launch, we had some products we, you know, launched.\
So, I think that, it wasn't that it didn't work, it's just that this was like a better plan, I think, for the long run, and the other thing I will say is, doing something on your own, as you probably know, is a little bit isolating, right, and it's not as exciting, and I think having a co-founder, and then we have a team now to do all this together, you're, and I'm kind of back in the community, I used to be in with e-commerce stuff, and retail, and software, so, you know, I think that's why, why, mean,\
I went with it, yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1022.2"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @17:02}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. That makes sense. Yeah, you want to find the best opportunity. Okay. Yeah, I'm hearing you there. So, how's that working today?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1031.06"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @17:11}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Is that the startup that you're working on? Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1033.9"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @17:13}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. So that's not quite ready for taking profits yet. We want to reinvest. I see where things are going.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1039.56"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @17:19}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Well, we have profit. I mean, we're about $800,000 right now.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1044.46"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @17:24}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
But you're not taking profit for you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1045.74"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @17:25}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
We're not taking any.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1047.24"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @17:27}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1048.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @17:28}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1048.32"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @17:28}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
It sounds like it's reinvested, growing, and then eventually we're going to take profit on that. Okay. That makes sense.\
So, what it sounds like to me, Mer, is you're hitting a ceiling a little bit. You're draining a little bit, a little bit, a little bit, right?\
You've got six months of float time and it's like, we've got to figure something out. Either we've got to start taking profits, which may or may not be ideal in six months, or we've got to find something.\
So, we don't have to liquidate the investments. We're hoping there's a big old, big old, you know, bull market.\
We're coming up, so we don't want to liquidate those investments, but you're hitting the ceiling of, okay, what's next?\
How do we break through so we're not draining?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1089.22"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @18:09}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Is that right? Like a financial ceiling? Yeah, absolutely.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1093.46"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @18:13}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
What's bothering you most about that situation of that ceiling of that kind of float time, as we call it?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1104.9"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @18:24}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Um, well, I'm a little bit upset with myself, right? Because it's like, I wish that I had just planned better a year ago before I was up in this place where I'm like, oh, now it's crunch time.\
Um, where my, why didn't I have my money make me money, right? Like two years ago, I had 250,000 in savings that could have easily probably done something smarter with it.\
And I just didn't think I was going to be going this long without an income. So, um, yeah, I guess it's a little bit frustrating.\
So I'm like, oh, well, just waste, not wasted, but like. So I through all these savings and then, you know, nothing to show for it.\
So maybe now, you know, better late than never kind of thing. Like I want to prevent the next six months of just draining my savings.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1153.09"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @19:13}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. Best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. Second best time is when? Now. Now, exactly. Okay.\
I gotcha. All right. So I've got a good idea of what you've been trying. I've got a good idea of where you're at a little bit.\
But can I share with you what I see as missing to get you to that point where you're at least floating, where you're at least break even?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1177.43"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @19:37}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Can I share with that with you?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1178.19"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @19:38}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, absolutely. Great. What I'm seeing here, there's a couple of bottlenecks in your system. You've tried, you know, the, the, you've tried Airbnb in the past.\
We had some issues with that. We tried the, the e-commerce you're working on the startup. Right now, you need a system.\
You need a proven structure and support. To learn the skill, these two things, to get you to float, right?\
With the e-commerce thing that you tried, you didn't really have that. It was kind of late to the party and it wasn't like a great vehicle.\
And your startup is doing great, you're crushing it, but not quite ready there. So we need that system, that structure, that support to build the skill, right?\
It's a business, just like anything else. And we need to have you have that skill of how to make the money, the little bit of money, know, 10, 20K in the short term, so that you can come here and make millions in the startup, right?\
Yeah. And then the other thing that I'm seeing is a little bit of lack of focus, right? In the past, you've wanted to do this, you've tried that.\
There's a couple of different things that I'm seeing. So what I would love to see from you, and I'm just going to be honest with you, Mer, I'm not going to sugarcoat anything.\
We need to have a little bit more of that focus. We're going to do this, and we're going to do this.\
care. you. This in the short-term, this in the long-term, nothing else. Yep.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1265.69"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:05}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah? Okay. No, it's exactly right. mean, that's why I, so I think why I did that was, what was it, 18 years of the same career, right?\
I was always in corporate jobs. And so when I left it, I was like, okay, it's like kid in a candy store.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1279.79"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:19}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Like, what can I do? This is what's interesting. Maybe I should try this, dabble in that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1283.89"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:23}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
And so, you know, you get a little like overzealous, I guess. But then now it's been just this full-time, right, for a year and a half, I think it's been now.\
So I want one other thing, you know, that I can focus on to make money.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1300.41"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:40}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
I'm glad we're on the same page with that. We call that shiny object syndrome.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1303.93"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:43}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
I have been there, let me tell you what. I've been there.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1307.71"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:47}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Gotcha.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1308.29"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:48}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
And you never learn, even though everyone tells you that. They're like, don't do it. I've been through it. Don't make the same mistakes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1314.41"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:54}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
And you're like, yep. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So to recap, I'm a big fan of recap. A year or two, a year and a half, two years ago, 250 grand in the bank, you could have invested that, made this, made that, we live and learn.\
But as it stands, we drained about, let's say, a year and a half, 250k.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1335.62"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @22:15}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
If you invest that at 20%. two years. I think I did that in two years.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1339.3"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @22:19}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. Man, so that's, I mean, with just a 20% cash on cash return, what is that? That's 50k, so 100k, just kind of flushed down the toilet, just because we were learning.\
We're still in a learning phase, right? Hesitation, doubt, working on different things. We need to find something there. So, I want to make sure the people that we help are 100% in.\
And they're 100% done with wherever they're at. They're 100% done losing 8k every month. Ok. on. Like you're doing right now.\
Are you, Mare, 100% done with losing that 8K and you want to really make a change?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1391.54"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @23:11}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Absolutely.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1392.78"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @23:12}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. And it's going to sound like a silly question. Why are you done 100% with losing that money?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1404.6"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @23:24}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
I mean, yeah, like you said, it is a silly question. I think that that's not going to help me get to my goals of financial freedom, right, like everyone wants.\
And yeah, I just feel like we're all, we should all be smarter than that at this point. There's so much information out there.\
There's so many tools out there to be able to make some supplemental income. And it just doesn't make sense to just drain that without having a plan.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1435.22"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @23:55}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. Yeah. Over the course of the next, let's say five. Bye. So if you want to make $20k from this, $20k over the course of 12 months, what is that, $244 or something like that?\
So five years from now, that's $1.2 million. I want to be able to put $1.2 million in your bank account minimum in the next five years.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1470.77"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @24:30}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Right? That'd be great.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1472.27"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @24:32}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
That'd be nice.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1473.13"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @24:33}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
That'd be nice. Cool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1475.65"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @24:35}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
This is how to do that, Mer. This is how we're going to do that for you. I'm extremely confident that we can help you out.\
You're the exact type of person we help out. You've got that focus. You've been working without a paycheck for a year and a half.\
That takes focus. That takes grit. You've got that done factor. You're saying, I'm not going to tolerate this anymore.\
That's who we help as well. So I'm fairly confident. I'm we can help you out. What do you say we dive into how we're going to do that?\
The roadmap of how we're going to get you cash flow and how we're going to get you to that 20k, that million, 1.2 in five years or more flowing through.\
What do you say?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1518.24"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @25:18}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, sounds great. Let's do it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1524.28"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @25:24}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So I want to make sure that you have a plan. I want to make sure, let me just pull my thing up here.\
I want to make sure that you are able to really crush it. And it takes a few things. We're shooting for either a 20% cash on cash return.\
You invest 50k, you get out, what is 20% of 50k? 10k out. That's the goal. And that's per month.\
Okay. So I want to, or between 2 and 7k per property. great. Thank you. Okay. Per month cash flow in your pocket.\
Okay. So what that's going to look like, you're probably not going to want an actual purchase. You're probably going to want to what's called arbitrage.\
Whereas you rent for a little bit lower amount, and then you Airbnb it out for a little bit of higher amount, right?\
You rent for 2K, arbitrage for eight to seven, and you're good to go. You're taking the split there. That's the goal for you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1586.11"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @26:26}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1586.87"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @26:26}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Other opportunities, maybe we do find you a cheaper property. We'll help you through it out. But that's what we do.\
That's what we shoot for. How does that sound to you?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1599.11"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @26:39}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
I mean, that sounds like a great start because that's way lower risk in my eyes, right? If I don't own the property.\
Because my friends who do own those multiple properties, one of them is in Hawaii. And so recently, you know, they freaked out when they had some flooding and stuff.\
And then the other one was in Nashville. So like, what was it two years ago, when they had those terrible floods, they lost, you know, some some\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1662.83"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @27:42}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So it's all well and good to have some videos. It's all well and good to have a plan to follow.\
That's not quite enough. Right. What I want to do is I want to set you up with a one on one coach who you can speak with an hour every week, more if you really need it, and to have that custom built out plan that you can follow step by step.\
Okay, we've got 20 hours of coaching, a personalized coaching, 20 hours of group coaching a week like we want to make sure you are supported.\
Does that feel like that would be helpful in the planning process?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1700.09"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:20}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, absolutely. It's kind of sounds like, you know, some of these things I got into a couple years ago at the commerce academies and, you know, because we they were like, okay, you have a community because if you guys are experiencing similar problems, you can voice it in the community group forums and see someone else can help you as well.\
Or if you, you know, they've run into similar things. So I get the power of the community plus obviously the coaching.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1722.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:42}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Good. Yeah. I wanted to pull up this home because it's so it's so pretty. I'm gonna show it to you here in a minute.\
Good. I'm glad that feels like that'll be helpful. The last thing that you mentioned so much more, Mer, I could be here for an hour telling you about the thing.\
But the thing that's going to be most important for you is that community, right? You mentioned that was so important to you.\
The community in the Airbnb world, not just in our community, but all over Facebook and LinkedIn. It's such a powerful, tight knit community that you can have that same kind of sense of just beingness with everybody else around you.\
Everybody's super friendly and helpful for some reason in this space specifically. It's really great. It's really wonderful. And I think that's going to be helpful for you.\
Now, takes about five hours a week or so to learn it. And then once it's set up and put in place, it takes about half an hour a week per property.\
Now, is that time that you can invest?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1782.81"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @29:42}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, absolutely.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1784.15"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @29:44}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
I hope so. You're not working 80 hours anymore for the startup, so we'll back it off to 45. So that's good.\
What questions do you have for me so far?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1802.17"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @30:02}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So with the, you know, Airbnb arbitrage stuff, obviously these properties are okay with subletting, right? And when I've thought about this in the past, I felt like, was there enough margin, right, to rent something out and then rent it out for a lot more?\
Because then you have to factor in the cost of getting it cleaned and maintained or anything. And then just, yeah, like what, how does that look usually?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1832.27"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @30:32}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, great question. Yes, there's plenty of margin. Now, you've got to pick your market, right? Yeah. You're not going to go to California and rent something for 8K.\
That's not going to be a good plan. But you find the market, we'll walk you through it, don't worry about it, you got to find the market that's really going to have that spread between the rental and the cash flow.\
Now those numbers that I was telling you, 2-5K or so, between 2-5K, that's after your rent, that's after your cleaning, that's after any taxes, any repairs or maintenance that you have to do.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1868.86"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @31:08}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So maybe this is a dumb question, but say we rent out a place in Asheville, North Carolina, and it's $150 a night, and we're turning around and renting it out for $300 a night or something.\
What's stopping those owners from renting it out for $300 a night? Is it because we go in and we renovate it to make it look better?\
Like what's better, you know, furniture? Is it like photography and the marketing itself of the property? You know, how is it?\
What is it that we're doing to be able to rent it out for a higher amount?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1906.88"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @31:46}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, great question. A lot of these owners don't typically either want or know how to rent on Airbnb. So we'll get you a rental lease, just as if you were going to go rent it for yourself.\
You communicate with the rental property owner and say, listen, I'm going to run a business. You know that I'm for sure as heck going to pay you because I've got a business to run.\
If I'm making profit, I do not want to lose this property. So I'm going to pay you every month.\
The other thing is, I have to keep this property cleaned and well-maintained or I do not make a profit.\
So you know, I'm going to keep really good care of your property. And they say, okay, well, somebody is really going to take care of my property.\
I'll let it slide, right? That way they don't have to find super annoying tenants all the time, clean up, take deposits.\
They just have you. I'll And you're flowing, you're making it happen. Does that make sense? Why that would be a spread?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1972.35"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @32:52}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, I mean, I can imagine, like, the operational side, right? They don't have to spend the money on the day-to-day, like, you know, looking at the bookings.\
And I mean, obviously, there's all these tools for it now, you know, that you can have it all run with the AI agents.\
But yeah, if they don't know that, they're not that savvy, then, you know, it's like, they're manually operate the operational side.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1994.93"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @33:14}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
gets very time consuming.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=1997.31"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @33:17}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So they're willing to probably give it as at a discount to save some of that headache. So if we're like guaranteeing, like, do we negotiate?\
Do we go in and say, I know you're offering it at like 100 bucks a night, but if I could do, like, if I could have 100% booked, you know, months, month after month for you, would you give it to me at like, you know, a discounted rate?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2020.55"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @33:40}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Could be. I probably probably would steer away from booking at $100 a night and rather do it monthly, or even a long term lease.\
So instead of $100 a night, what is that, about $3k, you find a property renting for $2k, right? And you say, hey, listen, like, I'll be in here six, 12 months, at least, I'll pay you every month $2k.\
Most renters, most landlords, excuse me, that's just what they're used to. They don't want to deal with Airbnb, they don't want to deal with cleaning, they just do.\
That's where you come in. And you rent that same property out, instead of $100 a night, you're renting, it turns out to be, what, $200 a night.\
You rent it now at $400 a night, you're making that spread.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2068.84"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @34:28}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Oh, so I just thought of this now, sorry.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2071.16"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @34:31}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So these are properties that they are originally not thinking about a short term rental on.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2076.32"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @34:36}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
These are just regular rentals. Like, they're looking for an rentals. I'll contract actually with somebody or something.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2084.93"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @34:44}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Oh, got it, it, okay. Exactly, yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2086.95"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @34:46}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
And there's different things you can do. The building has to give permission obviously for Airbnb, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2092.79"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @34:52}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Short-term rentals, okay. It just depends on where, right? If there's an HOA and you have an actual house, then yeah, you got to get permission.\
Or if you have a condo, then you got to get permission. It's really important that you do everything above board because you don't want to get locked into a 12-month contract and there.\
We'll help you out with all of that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2111.57"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:11}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
That's like step one.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2114.19"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:14}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. Got it. questions do you have?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2116.47"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:16}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
I'm here forever. No, that's good. It can move on.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2121.61"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:21}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Well, this is the part, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2123.23"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:23}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
I don't have a whole lot left.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2125.13"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:25}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. I want to make sure that you are super clear on what it is that we do.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2130.47"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:30}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So your offering is more about the coaching, the community, the structure around how to go about finding the right real estate.\
And. And like maybe even the analysis around the market, like the market analysis for finding the right property and okay.\
So, and then, yeah, I guess, I don't know. Is there anything else I'm missing regarding?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2159.12"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:59}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So it's a yes and. Yes, we help you with the property. We'll help you with the market. We'll help you with the setup.\
But we also have resources and contacts and community for everything. Okay. Tax benefits. You're going to be making some money here with your startup here not too long.\
You're going to have a lot of tax. We're going to help you reduce that tax as much as possible.\
Not only that, we're going to help you build a business entity. So if you get sued, doesn't even matter.\
Right? They don't get a dime. We're going to help you with interior decoration if you need it. You don't want to spend time on that.\
We'll teach you how to do it. Easy. Right? Every single step of the way to. Getting you up to a super host where you're making that money, you're making five, 10, 15, 20 grand a month, it only takes like three or four properties, Mer, to make that 20K, sometimes maybe up to like five, that's pretty standard for us.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2218.84"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @36:58}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
That's awesome.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2220.08"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @37:00}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
You see how you can get up to that, you see why I'm so excited, because you can totally get up to that 20K plus, that's what our most of our students are doing are a good percentage of them.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2229.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @37:09}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So, what about your average student that starts, right, like after three months, what's the average amount they're making from a property, one property?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2238.98"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @37:18}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Two to five, two to seven K.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2241.22"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @37:21}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Wow.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2242.18"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @37:22}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. quite high. And that's cash flow. Mer, that's cash flow, it's not even revenue.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2249.06"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @37:29}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So, question, if you guys are doing the market analysis for them, why not 7K for everybody, instead of the 2K?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2259.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @37:39}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Great question, it's risk, it's risk. Right? How much are you willing to invest?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2264.65"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @37:44}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
How much are you willing to risk?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2266.37"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @37:46}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be honest with you. There's a property that's making 7k. It's a, how do I, how do I say this in mixed company?\
It's a, it's a spicy property where people go to be spicy. It's like a themed thing. That's making crazy money.\
A little bit more risky, right? A little bit more risky. Some people just want something that just every night's booked.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2292.39"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:12}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
They get 2k out of it. They're happy with that. But this is like a multi room, you know, like fancy, like spot for like swinger parties or something.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2302.47"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:22}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, that one was, that one's crazy. They're not all like that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2305.51"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:25}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
You can still make that 7k.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2307.01"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:27}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
For example, here, let me share my screen with you. It is nice and pretty. Here it is. One of our students properties.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2314.19"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:34}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Can you see my screen here?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2316.29"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:36}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So we showed them how to not only find the property, but how to find the The photographer to make it just look so beautiful, how to look theme in this room and the painters that do it, the contractors that help them build it out, we want to make sure we know what amenities are going to add value, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 SCREEN SHARING: \cf0 \strokec2 Tyler started screen sharing - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2311.302963"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 WATCH}}
\f1\b0 \
I don't want you putting in a hot tub if it's not going to put more money in your pocket, we'll help you with that as well.\
I can send you this link. I mean, these guys have been open, I think, for not too long. They've only got four reviews.\
I think it's just been like two weeks or so that these guys have been open. And they're already at four and a half stars.\
This property is making so much money.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2362.26"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @39:22}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
It's just silly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2365.18"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @39:25}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Like this property here, this will probably make between 10 and 12 a month. Wow. Cash flow.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2371.62"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @39:31}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
It's stupid.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2372.86"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @39:32}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
It's just, it's ridiculous.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2374.94"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @39:34}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Cash In a good way. How much did they invest into that property to make it look the way it does?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2382.02"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @39:42}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
And how Yeah, so that one's going to be a little bit more than the 50k that you're working with right now.\
That's why I want to make that game plan with you for your specific. This property, it's a six bed, four and a half bath.\
So it's going to be a little bit more, right? Yeah. But they're still making, I mean, if you could invest 50k and make 50k a year, would you do it?\
Like, I think I would.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2407.97"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:07}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2410.61"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:10}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So just, it just really depends.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2413.47"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:13}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2414.39"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:14}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. What other questions do you have?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2418.47"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:18}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
I think that's it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2419.37"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:19}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
How much is the program? Yeah. So we have different programs. We have the 50k program. I don't think you're going to need that right now.\
That's a little bit too much. It's going to overwhelm you. It's going to, yeah, not be great. Investment for the program for everything to get you that first property and beyond is 12k.\
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2439.11"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:39}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
And so that is, and then how long is that for? Is that an annual?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2443.28"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:43}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So that's, you get access to the education and the coaching, excuse me, the education lifetime, coaching is for six months, that one on one direct coaching that's for six months.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2455.04"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:55}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Okay, got it. And then as far as, you know, all the services you mentioned, like if I need a plumbing service in Minnesota, because that's where my Airbnb is, you said you guys have the like index of, you know, whatever, catalog of all these folks.\
But that's just like a free thing that I can access at any point.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2477.68"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:17}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So, it's going to be a yes and. I'm a big fan of yes and. So we have lists and contacts of realtors and plumbers and contractors and interior designers and legal and CPAs and all of these things.\
They're their own company, a lot of the time. Sometimes we do it, a lot of the time they're their own company, and they'll give you a discount for using us.\
But the part of that is. It's, it's really, you know how hard it is to find a good mechanic, find a good plumber, I had spent friggin fifteen hundred dollars on my car that didn't need to be done.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2512.3"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:52}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So it's hard to find good people.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2513.98"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:53}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. We have those contacts for you. Not all of it is included, but the education, the coaching is.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2520.42"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @42:00}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Okay, got it. Is there any, are there any like additional costs that come up throughout the year that are like, hey, this is actually extra, this is additional, this is not included in your program?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2532.3"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @42:12}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Like from us? Mm hmm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2535.42"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @42:15}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
No.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2537.8"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @42:17}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. Nope. All of the education totally included. Plumber, if you need an interior designer, if you need this, that, and the other, we'll show them to you, get you a little bit of a discount usually.\
But from us, there's nothing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2552.92"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @42:32}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Got it. Okay, cool. No, I think that's it. I think I think I have all my questions answered. I appreciate this.\
Thank you so much. It's definitely something, you know. That's thinking about for sure, I need to do something.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2567.63"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @42:47}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, well we figured that one out for sure. I guess scale of one to ten there. Like, one being this is terrible and awful, and I hate it and I don't want to do it, it's going to make me poor.\
And ten being holy cow, this is amazing, this is exactly what I need. Where do you fall on that line?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2584.23"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:04}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
I mean, out of all the things that I can think about where, you know, there's not as much of an investment from my end, because I don't have a ton of capital right now to put into it.\
I think this would be on the, you know, higher end of that scale. Like, hey, this seems like a good fit.\
Seems like this would work for me. I'm also just interested in rentals and real estate and interior design and all of that too.\
And hosting, right? Like, I think I enjoyed being an Airbnb host because I love it. I was like, this is fun.\
So, yeah, I think it's definitely on the higher end of that scale.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2620.95"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:40}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So, yeah. Tyler had to put a number to it, had to put a number to it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2624.92"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:44}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
I had put a number to it. Tyler Yeah, think it's like an eight or nine, I think. Tyler Yeah, nine.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2629.62"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:49}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Tyler All right, I love that. Tyler Is there anything specifically that you were like, holy cow, this is amazing.\
Tyler This is specifically what's going to help me out.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2639.22"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:59}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Tyler So I guess I just kind of forgot about the arbitrage option. You know, I just thought I had to like go buy a property and rent it out and like didn't, I remember reading about the arbitrage option like years ago and I just completely spaced about it.\
So I guess I didn't realize there was such a margin for it. Cause I'm like, Oh, what's, is it really worth it to rent something out for 2000 a month and then sell, you know, re-rent it out for like 3000 a month.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2667.96"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @44:27}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
seems like a lot of work for that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2669.34"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @44:29}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Right. And so, so yeah, I think that's, that was like eyeopening that you can make so much more per month from those properties.\
It almost makes me wonder why people buy. So why do they even bother investing in the properties if they can do that, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2688.33"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @44:48}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Tyler it's appreciation, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2691.03"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @44:51}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
right. True, true. As long as it's an employee. Yeah. Yeah. But if you own a lot of investment property, doesn't that, can that like negatively impact your tax benefits too at some point or no?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2704.67"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @45:04}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Tyler Um, yes and no. We could get into the weeds of it, but there's things like depreciation, like with this big, beautiful bill that's coming out.\
It's really, really, really good for us short-term rental people because we can depreciate 100% of the property over the course of like 40 years or so.\
So every year our taxable income is less and less and less. Oh, that's great. Tyler It's actually really, it's crazy cool.\
The other cool thing I did want to mention about the arbitrage method is you don't have to put in that full 50K, right?\
You invest, let's just say, we'll put you on a, on a split pay so that you're a little bit more.\
We don't have to put it all up front. I don't want to put that on you if you're living on savings.\
Well, you don't have to invest that full 50k. Right? So you still have that big old buffer and you're starting to make money more and more quickly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2759.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @45:59}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So when you say invest the 50k, then do you mean when the person you're buying or not buying, you're renting the property from, they usually expect the annual fee paid up front?\
I'm sorry.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2771.26"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @46:11}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, I'm sorry if I wasn't clear. The good thing about the arbitrage method is you do not have to invest that full 50k.\
If you were going to do something else like an e-commerce store, high chance you'd have to invest that entire 50k.\
And then that leaves you with razor thin margins, like a lot of hope and prayer to get to that point.\
You don't have to do that with that arbitrage method. You invest, you know, however much into the program per month.\
If you invest maybe five, six, seven K in actually. So the thing happen and operational, and then you're making money right away.\
So there's more of a spread. So you keep that safety net, that savings for you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2814.52"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @46:54}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Does that make sense? guess what I'm confused about is where am I investing this 50K? think I got lost.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2820.16"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:00}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
You're Yeah, you're not.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2822.6"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:02}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So your program, you said, was 12K, right? For the coaching and education. Yep. But you said there's a second program for 50K.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2830.96"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:10}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
What is that about? Yeah, that's like super high level. You've already got 10 to 15 Airbnbs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2836.78"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:16}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
You're really already crushing it. That's not going to be good for you right now.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2839.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:19}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Got it, got it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2840.26"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:20}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2840.42"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:20}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
That'll just be a waste of your money.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2841.86"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:21}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So what I'm saying... about, yeah, you're 50K. Tell me about that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2845.86"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:25}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So that program is a lot. It's not even worth mentioning, but the program that's good for you, it's the 12K one.\
That's exactly what you need to get you there, right? So let's say you invest 12K into this just for poops and giggles, right?\
And then you invest with... Let's say another 10K in the property on a high end if you're going to arbitrage.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2868.25"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @47:48}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Then you still have 35K. Wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm going stop you right there because that's where I have my first question.\
Sure, when you say invest 10K, you're talking about with the property owner?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2880.85"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @48:00}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So yeah, so that's going to be like first month's rent and the deposit and getting your furniture and the art and that kind of thing set up.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2891.77"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @48:11}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So it takes a little bit.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2892.87"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @48:12}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. But then you still have that 35K or so to float for four, five, four months to actually get you profitable.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2901.97"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @48:21}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Got it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2903.23"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @48:23}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Got it. That makes sense. Sorry if that was so confusing for you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2905.97"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @48:25}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
That's, that's. No, no, no. I was just like, wait, am I getting this right? Cause I'm like, where, you know, why is it 10K?\
And then, you know, yeah, that makes sense.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2913.79"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @48:33}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. That's on a high end, right? Let's say you have, let's say it's the rent is 3K, right? Usually they're going to want to deposit.\
So that's another 3K. First. First. And then you spend three, four K on furniture and making it nice and that kind of thing.\
That's probably on a high end.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2931.88"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @48:51}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Right. And then you're hoping to maybe profit, like say three or four K the next month. Nick, so you'll make that back in a couple of months and then you'll be then hopefully be profitable by 90 days, like you mentioned.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2945.34"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @49:05}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. So, I mean, it, takes some time to get up and running, of course, to find the property. Usually if you're putting, uh, if you're putting work in, you can find that property, have it under contract, ready to go within 30 days.\
Like if you drag your feet, do you guys help with finding the property too? Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2963.28"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @49:23}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2963.68"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @49:23}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So what we'll do, I want to, when you were learning how to drive, right? Did somebody else drive the car for you?\
No. Right. You sat in the driver's seat. Somebody sat right next to you and you, you know, found the, found the clutch or you found the gas pedal,\
Or you've tried to figure it out and said, okay, do this, do this, do that. So we're going to walk you through how to do it.\
It's done with you. And then if you can't find anything, we say, we got it, we'll help you out, right?\
I want you to learn how to do this so you're not dependent on it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=2995.31"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @49:55}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, yeah. And I actually heard that there's some great tools out there too that you can use to, you know, do that.\
So we'll show you all of them. Awesome. Okay. Well, thank you so much for going through all this with me.\
Now, is that 12K negotiable at all?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3009.75"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @50:09}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Or is that like a set rate? That's set. Unfortunately, those are our costs. That's what we, that's what we have to, but there are ways that we can break that down, like on a month to month basis, so that it doesn't all come out all at once.\
Okay. That way you have more of a spread even just to live on.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3024.43"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @50:24}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Right. Right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3025.35"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @50:25}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3025.85"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @50:25}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. Yeah. Can we spread that out for like, how many months can you spread that out for?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3031.15"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @50:31}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Um, since I know you're living on savings, we can probably spread that out to six. Right. So it'd be two pay.\
Right. So 2K a month. And, you know, you'll be profitable if you're putting, putting work in. And putting the batteries in, as we say, you'll mean you'll be profitable within 30, 60, 90 days, like it's, yeah.\
We had, we had somebody, I wish I could find it, but we had somebody who set up their property and was fully booked out within two weeks.\
Like 100% booking rate within two weeks of the property being live for the next like three months. This is, this is what we've been doing for five years, Mer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3073.74"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @51:13}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, was just going to ask you that. Like, so it's been five years since this business started. And then how, can I ask you personally, do you own the Airbnb properties or do you do the arbitrage method yourself?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3085.5"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @51:25}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
I'm working on it. I'm working out. We had a little bit of a health thing, so my savings are very low right now, but we're working on it.\
But you better believe this is the first thing I'm going to do when I have a little change.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3096.6"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @51:36}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
And how long have you been working for them?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3099.68"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @51:39}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So I've been working with the company for a little while. But I've been in the Airbnb space for a couple of years now, helping different companies, working through them with them.\
I've been in the short-term rental space for quite a while.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3111.6"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @51:51}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
had my own for a little while.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3113.98"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @51:53}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
But based on everything I've heard from you, Mer, this is going to crush it for you. You're going to knock it out of the park.\
Like, I see you making that 20K. If you wanted to, and you really put work into it, again, five hours a week or so, you could be making that 20K next year.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3129.94"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @52:09}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. I mean, that would be the dream, right? That's everyone's dream. It's just to go big, go fast, and yeah, have all that.\
But as we know, a lot of them don't get there. And so you always have to make sure you ask those questions and figure out why people failed.\
You know, what roadblocks did they hit? Obviously, people didn't, you know, they had a lot of pain before COVID.\
No one saw that coming and then lost a ton of money during, you know, 2020 and stuff. So there's some things we can't predict, but the things that are predictable, we want to...\
You know, you always want to make sure you're thinking, thinking through all of that, so. Sure.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3167.49"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @52:47}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
What are some of your considerations, right? What would make this like a no brainer? What makes this a no?\
What are some red flags? Like what, just give me the insight into your brain.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3178.01"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @52:58}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
I think that the 12K is quite high. Like I wasn't expecting that as the fee for the coaching and community.\
So that is definitely going to give me pause on, you know, being like, yes, let's do this tomorrow. So I just have to go back to the, to the, like, to the, whatever, to think about this because I guess since I have some friends who've done this successfully, I probably want to just pick their brain on it and say, what do you think?\
You know, I'm thinking about doing this. What are some of the obstacles you've had owning Airbnb properties, running this business?\
I probably would like to do a little bit more research on what issues they've had and what, how to like negate that and stuff.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3221.37"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @53:41}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So makes sense. I'm curious. Is why did you come here first instead of talking to them first?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3226.98"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @53:46}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Like, again, no shade or anything, I'm just genuinely curious. It's a good question. think that, so the person, so my best friend, she's in San Francisco, her husband is the one that started doing this, and he's the one who's doubtfully in charge of all of it.\
So I think that I've always heard second party, you know, information through her on how it's going. But I've never actually sat down with him and said, Rohan, just tell me everything, right?\
And so, and you know how it is, we're just, we all have so many other things we'd rather be talking about when we get together, and we hear bits and pieces from them, but I don't, it's never like, hey, let's have a one-to-one business conversation about it.\
But, you know, I should, I should set up some time with them on the phone and just talk with them.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3268.44"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @54:28}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So I think that would be good, that would make me feel a little bit more confident that this is the right move for me too, you know?\
Okay. Yeah. So you want to talk to some friends, what else would make this, like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna\
I'm going to pause my question there. I'm going to slow down. I'm going to take a breath. I am very confident that we can help you out.\
No doubt in my mind, right? I want to make sure it's the right thing for you, of course, because you're going to know yourself better than anybody.\
I know we can get you there. I am so confident we can get you up to at least 8k by the end of the year at most.\
I'm so confident. So I want to make sure that whatever you do, it is really going to be the best decision for you, right?\
If this is not the best decision for you, I'll shake your hand, walk away and say, congratulations, I'm so excited for you.\
But if this is really the best decision, I want to make it happen. So what else is a deciding factor for you?\
Talk to your friends, for sure.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3334.95"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @55:34}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
What else would be a deciding factor for you? Ray I think it's, like I said, it's the feat for the training and the community.\
I think it's much harder. So I think that is probably the main factor right now and then I'd say yeah they're just those two things and you know the like yeah the the risk of okay what are the risks would I like there are plenty of success stories I get it but what are the failed stories like what happened to make these folks fail right like yeah with the good intentions of people who were trying who did everything right and they didn't make that money back like what are those stories yeah why did it happen you know yeah I mean it happens right people fail do you want me to share exactly why that is sure the ghost they give up sure of course genuinely the ones who actually tried you know I've never seen it okay never once have I seen it you\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3403.06"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @56:43}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
I mean, genuinely, Mer, this is, the reason I'm being a little bit of a stickler about this is because it really is so cool.\
Like, I get so excited for my people. I mean, you've seen our Trustpilot, you've seen our reviews. This is life changing for people.\
It has only, in my experience, the only time it has not worked is the people give up. You know, they spend two, three months on it and then they say, ah, no, it's just too much work.\
I don't want to do it. Or they get discouraged. They stop showing up to coaching calls. That is the only reason I've seen it fail.\
With the amount of coaching that we have, the amount of coaching that we have, one-on-one help with people who are multimillionaires from doing this, I mean, it's really dang hard to fail.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3452.74"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @57:32}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. I mean, that's a good question too, is like, you know, how many hours a week, I know you said five, but if it truly is five hours a week per property, you know, practice.\
Is it the people are saying, it's just too much work for me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3467.09"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @57:47}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
I don't want to deal with this anymore after, you know? Yeah, that's a great question. It takes about five hours per week to learn the process, and then about half an hour a week to manage a single property.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3479.29"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @57:59}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Oh, that's nothing. I mean, why is it that people are giving up on spending?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3484.53"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:04}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
I don't know, man. Literally, breaks my heart. I, it breaks my heart. Because these people have something so amazing in the palm of their hand.\
But they just, they don't do They get discouraged, they get that shiny object syndrome that we talked about, and they just don't do it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3504.89"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:24}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
I guess maybe it's just not for everyone, right? Because I know people that would hate dealing with booking their clients and, or, you know, booking their guests and making sure that everything, make sure it's the right personality fit and the interest and everything.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3521.27"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:41}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. And you already know you like that at least, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3522.95"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:42}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
little soon. Let's Yeah, yeah. So, all right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3525.4"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:45}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Well, thank you. And the other app is there's that systemized, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3528.64"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:48}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
And so we can automate things and do that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3530.6"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @58:50}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. So let's do this, Mer. Let's have you talk to your friends. I think that's a great thing. Hey, is this business model really a good thing for me?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3540.44"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @59:00}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3541.42"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @59:01}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. Because then you can ask them their experience, right? You can ask them, hey, how did you like it?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3546.28"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @59:06}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
What are you doing? Well, the fact that he's literally the sole breadwinner for their family of four. They live in San Francisco.\
They, you know, own a house there now. And they, he quit his full-time job a few years ago doing this with 10 properties now.\
You know, it's like, it's already like a great success story, but I guess I always thought, oh, wow, you have to have so much capital to like buy these properties and then rent them out.\
So it's obviously a great job. You know, it's a great avenue.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3576.24"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @59:36}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So, yeah, it'd be great to talk with them real quick. Talk to them. That's going to be number one.\
Number two, I'm going to send you a couple of things. things. So that you can make sure that you're got all of the information that you can make a wise decision for you.\
Okay, now aside from talking to your friends, aside from the investment, we can always figure out the investment. 100% of the time, there's something that we can do.\
We're not going to lower it, we can break it up, can do loans. There's different things that we can do.\
I see money as a non-issue. I want to make sure that you see, hey, I invest $12K, I'm going to get $1.2 million over the next couple of years.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3612.47"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:00:12}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3613.47"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:00:13}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. That's really what the goal is. Yeah. So it's not just the $12K, it's the cost of the $1.2 that you'd be missing out on.\
Right. On top of the millions that you're going to make in the startup, I'm sure. Right? Yes. This is, yeah, we're always positive.\
Yeah, I know it's going to work out. Especially because you're doing well.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3630.65"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:00:30}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Anyway, not important. Yeah, yeah. We're, you know, we were trying to hit $1 million by the end of the year.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3635.73"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:00:35}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
I think we'll be at like $1.2.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3637.69"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:00:37}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Heck yeah, dude.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3639.25"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:00:39}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
I love that. So aside from that, right, we want to make sure that you're not spending. just do Thank\
Too much time, but you're making money here, you're making money there, you're not living on savings, I genuinely think this is going to be amazing for you.\
So aside from the money, aside from talking to your friends, is there any other part of your decision making that you need to do to make sure that that 12k is really, truly worth it?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3662.36"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:01:02}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, I mean, I guess just like getting a little bit more information on how long you guys have been in business, that's like, you're not going to like close down tomorrow, you know, and run away.\
And just like doing my own research on that, if you can send me any information on the company itself, the founders, you know, just a little bit, all of that would be great.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3680.36"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:01:20}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, well, I can guarantee you I would not be working here for shutting down tomorrow, because then I'm out of a job.\
But yeah, we've been we've been around for five years. Michael Elefante is the he's the face of the business.\
He's been doing this for like seven to 10.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3694.08"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:01:34}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
He's been just he's been doing this for a long time. hmm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3696.94"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:01:36}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
It's not going anywhere. We've got hundreds, hundreds of people that we've helped in that we are.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3703.04"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:01:43}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. I'm to help.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3704.62"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:01:44}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
I'll send you what I've got. So I'll send you some of that. Is there anything else that you need to see to be confident?\
Or should I just not even waste my time and you say this isn't for me?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3713.96"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:01:53}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Either one is okay. I think if there's anything else that would be helpful right now. No, I think that's good.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3723.34"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:02:03}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
I think that's a good start.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3724.24"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:02:04}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3725.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:02:05}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
You talk to your friends. We'll have two outcomes, right? You talk to your friends. I'll send you some stuff.\
You can make some decisions. I always like to schedule a follow up on this call. That way I'm not like in limbo land and like trying to manage my calendar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3739.28"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:02:19}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Is that okay? I do the same. Trust me. I was in sales and partnerships for a long time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3745.06"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:02:25}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
That's the calendar, man.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3746.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:02:26}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3748.46"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:02:28}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
So I've got, let's see. I've got a little bit of time on Monday.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3754.84"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:02:34}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
So let's do... can't deal with that. No, probably not. I've got a lot going on this weekend. But let's see.\
I think... Next week, why don't we try for Friday the 29th, actually, would be good.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3767.59"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:02:47}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
29th, let me see if I've got some time on a Friday. do. How's the same time, so that would be, let's call it 9 a.m.\
Pacific, 12 Eastern on Friday the 29th.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3780.31"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:03:00}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
That's perfect, let's do that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3782.05"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:03:02}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
All I'm going to ask from you, Mayor, is number one, please do the research. Please, A, do the research, talk to your friends, research us, actually genuinely take some time, set it aside in your calendar to do it.\
Will you do that for me? Will you commit to doing that?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3798.79"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:03:18}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, yeah, no, absolutely. In fact, I'm like, yeah, I just pulled up the WhatsApp right now.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3803.41"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:03:23}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
like, shooting them a text. Let's talk this weekend if we can, yeah. Good, good. Because you are going to love what you see, I promise you.\
It is amazing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3810.77"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:03:30}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
You're going to love what you see.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3811.69"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:03:31}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
And I would hate for you to not have the opportunity just because you didn't do the research. That's number one.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3818.31"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:03:38}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Oh, no. I mean, I, you're right. I think that it's been on my mind and this gives- It me reason to focus on do a little bit more research and talk to people, and then, you know, just figure out a game plan here, so thanks again Tyler.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3832.7"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:03:52}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Second thing, just accept that invite for me. That way it stays on my calendar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3836.56"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:03:56}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
Cool?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3838.12"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:03:58}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
All right, I will do I'll invite you to that here soon.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3841.56"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:04:01}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
That's like every time I move away from the screen, sorry, it shuts the video off.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3844.66"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:04:04}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Okay. I'll invite you to do that real quick, and we'll take them there, okay?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3848.94"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:04:08}} - 
\f0\b Mer
\f1\b0 \
All right, sounds great.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/xwk7ekbEbiQCsrRiGx6s85Z_Kqd1ta5D?timestamp=3850.1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:04:10}} - 
\f0\b J. Tyler Ray (Tyler Ray)
\f1\b0 \
Have a great weekend. We'll talk soon. Bye-bye. Okay, talk soon.\
}